This is Rasta software

Jah  Rastafari  Livity  bless  our  Freedom! This is free software, you
should  share  it  for  the  good  of yourself and your people, respect
others  and let them express, be free and let others be free. Live long
and prosper in Peace! 

But  remember there is no Peace without Justice. This software is about
Resistance  ina  babylon world which tries to control more and more the
way  we  communicate  and  we  share  informations  and knowledge. This
software  is  for  all  those  who  cannot  afford  to  have the latest
expensive  hardware  to speak out their words of consciousness and good
will. This software has a full range of applications for the production
and not only the fruition of information, it's a full multimedia studio
and  has  nothing to envy to other proprietary systems, because freedom
and  share  of  knowledge are solid principles for evolution and that's
where this software comes from. 

In  the  panorama  of existing operating systems we see that there is a
great  number  of  possibilities  to  listen:  all  kinds  of  "free to
download" players for audio and video, but no easy way for everybody to
speak  out  loud  and  spread  their  words.  The  way communication is
structured  follows  the  hierarchy  of  powers allready established in
babylon's   mediascapes  and,  worst  than  ever,  money  is  the  main
requirement  for  making  a  voice  spread  and possible to be heard by
others. 

Neverthless,  proprietary software spreads the dependence from business
companies  thru the populace: whenever we share our knowledge on how to
use  a  certain  software,  we make the people in need to buy the tools
from  merchants  in  order  to  express their creativity. This is great
responsability  for  anyone  of  us  who  teaches  somebody  how  to do
something  with  software:  the  need  to buy will be slavery under the
merchantile interests of capitalism.         

The  roots of Rasta culture can be found in Resistance to slavery. This
software  is  not a business. This software is free as of speech and is
one  step  in the struggle for Redemption and Freedom. This software is
dedicated  to  the  memory  of  Patrice Lumumba, Marcus Garvey, Marthin
Luther  King, Steve Biko, Walter Rodney, Malcom X, Mumia Abu Jamal, and
all those who still resist to slavery, racism and oppression, who still
fight  imperialism and seek an alternative to the egemony of capitalism
in our World. 

Hic Sunt Leones.
And much Blessings in Jah Luv to All Those who still Resist.
Selah.
                                                                   jrml

